designed to connector either right on
mower or ATV this lightweight garden cut
as many uses whether you're a hobby
farmer garden supply business Sporting
Club or simply just looking for an
easier hassle-free way to move a load
you
the cart easily attaches for quick and
practical use
the plastic tray is strong and robust
perfect for all your outdoor materials
when the trays fully loaded a simple
release lever is used to cantilever the
tray making emptying or spreading the
contents accurate and efficient
strolling away the trailer is made up of
this with the added benefit of a front
mounted heavy-duty caster to the
underside of the drawbar